# Cameo-Plugins
To install, download one of the plugin packages and put it in the cameo plugins folder. Will look something like C:\Users\cantwelle\AppData\Local\Programs\Cameo Systems Modeler 2024x Refresh2\plugins (my own)
# Activity Diagram Plugin:
This is a plugin to turn data from an excel file into a cameo activity diagram. The Excel file the data comes from must have a "Name" column with the names of the actions/subactions. Main actions must either start with a whole number e.g. 1, 2, 3, ect, or start with the word "Action". Subactions must start with a decimal e.g. 1.1, 1.2. for a subaction of activity 1. That's how the excel parser function tells what is an action/subaction. In order to add input/output pins, the Excel file must have an Input column and an Output column. These columns are delimited by "," and ";", so each individual input/output will be separated by a comma/semicolon. Another column you can add is "Actor" to determine the "actor" who performs that action. The input/output/actor columns are not required meaning the plugin can still insert a diagram without them, but the name column is required. Additionally there are features to select whether you want the actions to be "Structured Activity Nodes" or "Call Behavior Actions". Actions with subdiagrams must be a "Structured Activity Node". Lastly you can also select where you want to insert the diagram in the model.

# Velocity Stereotype Warning Plugin
Listens to model name changes. If the user changes the name of an element which contains the allocated stereotype "VelocityUse" it pops up a message which shows all of the Velocity Templates this name change could affect. The user can either proceed or hit cancel and undo the name change. Additionally, name changes are stored in the OwnedComment field. These comments are marked TODO so it's easy to find which templates need to be updated in the model. The VelocityUse stereotype can also have tags "AffectedReports" which can list the vtl templates the element is used in. 

# Configuration Item Warning Plugin
Listens to changes to the specification field of elements in the model with the stereotype "ConfigurationItem" applied to them. This includes name, doc, input/output pin changes, ect... Pops up a warning dialog for the user to either accept or cancel them. If the user accepts the change they can log why it was necessary. Changes are stored as owned comments in the element that was modified. 
